DANIEL CHANG1471 Tartarian Way, San Jose, CA 95129408-475-3260 - daniel.h.chang@gmail.comSUMMARYAs a technology leader with over a decade of data management and storage experience, I’ve learned that there is not a one-size-fits-all answer to the needs of enterprise customers. The key to success is not selecting the right products but selecting the right partners and vendors that are as committed as you are. By listening and understanding what’s most important to my customer, I assemble the right team, focused on collaboration to build and implement solutions, resulting in satisfaction and loyalty.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE NetApp, Inc.  (July 2013-present)Global Support Account ManagerSunnyvale, CA* Post-sales account management.  Worked with enterprise account manager and sales engineer to manage NetApp’s relationship with a few of NetApp’s top global enterprise accounts.  Assigned portfolio of accounts included leaders in the semiconductor manufacturing, biotechnology and digital payments industries. * Routinely travelled to customer offices and data centers for onsite visits.  Led operational service reviews, provided customer-tailored best practices and product education to ensure customers are successful at implementing NetApp’s products. Offered proactive guidance on problems, bugs, security vulnerabilities, and other business impacting concerns.  Identified opportunities for cross-selling and upselling including positioning PS resident consultants/engineers.* Install base management.  Review support entitlements and warranty end-dates with customers as part of a larger refresh/renew/migrate/decommission discussion.  Collaborated with sales team to strategize on positioning support contract renewal vs. tech refresh options.  Typical annual support renewal $1-4M.* Provided exceptional service, resulting in 100% SAM service renewal rate.  NetApp, Inc. (October 2004-June 2013)Technical Support EngineerResearch Triangle Park, NC* Provided post-sales technical support to NetApp customers via email and telephone. Successfully tracked, prioritized and managed caseload to ensure customer satisfaction and timely problem resolution. * Supported NetApp controllers running DOT 6.4.x, 6.5.x, 7.x, 8.x (7-mode, cDOT) for file (CIFS/SMB/NFSv3/NFSv4) and block (iSCSI, fiberchannel) protocols.* Identified as a Subject Matter Expert, providing input into product development and supportability for NetApp data protection products OSSV, SnapProtect and NetApp Plug-in for Symantec Netbackup. * Authored knowledgebase articles to share product knowledge and best practices. * Led, mentored and coached junior technical support engineers. * Escalated bugs and enhancement requests to Product Management and Engineering to drive product improvements. * Received “RTP Rocker” award for technical leadership in the support center.Volt Technical Services / contract to Microsoft Corp. (September 2003-September 2004)Support ProfessionalCharlotte, NC* As a support professional on Microsoft's enterprise platforms team, I delivered world-class support on Windows Servers platforms NT4.0, 2000 and 2003.  I utilized my technical and relationship skills to favourably impact customers' perception of Microsoft products.  MCSE-NT4.0,MCSE-2000,MCSA-2003* For my year on contract to Microsoft, post-closure surveys reflected an overall 97% VSAT (8 or 9 on a 9-point scale).Technology Consultant (1996-2003)* Provided professional services and technical expertise to clients on a 1099 contract basis.  * Assisted in the development of IT policies and procedures, service expectations, security policies and network infrastructure.* Services included Business Systems Application Development, Release Management, IT Project Management, Network Infrastructure, LAN/WAN administration, Vendor Management.MKIRisk Inc., Palo Alto, CA (January 1999—November 1999)* Responsible for all company-wide IT services across corporate and five regional offices reporting to the Director of IT & Facilities.  * Administered the Vantive7 Support and Quality modules.* Implemented Microsoft NT 4.0 master domain model in mixed platform (Windows/Solaris) environment.  Migrated homegrown IMAP mail server to Exchange 5.5 for messaging.  Administered SunOS/Solaris, HPUX and NT workstations/servers.* Supervised two junior systems administrators.  TeleAdapt, Inc. San José, CA (July 1998-December 1998)* I managed company-wide IT services including telephone PBX, voicemail, electronic mail, LAN/WAN, training, procurement, asset management, remote and desktop support services and served as IT liaison between TeleAdapt’s remote offices (Hong Kong, Australia, USA) and headquarters (United Kingdom)Xilinx, Inc.  San José, CA (July 1996-October 1996)Intern/Summer Hire* Deliverables include the full implementation of a corporate-wide international remote dialup solution.  This including evaluation/testing/selection of products, authoring of technical documentation, and deployment of the solution to all sales reps and sales engineers’ laptops as well as providing technical support during kickoff.  EDUCATIONWESTERN GOVERNORS UNIVERSITYMaster of Business Administration, Management and StrategyCoursework in Human Resources, E-Business, Supply Chain, Leadership, Financial Analysis, Social Responsibility, Organizational Management, Decision Analysis, Risk Management and Strategy.UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA GREENSBORO, Joseph M. Bryan School of Business and EconomicsBachelor of Science, summa cum laudeMajor: Business Administration; Coursework in Accounting/Finance, Economics, Marketing, Operations Management, Project Management, Business Policy/Strategy, CybersecurityCERTIFICATIONAmazon Web ServicesAWS Amazon Web Services Certified Solutions Architect Associate (SAA) (2018)AWS Amazon Web Services Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF) (2018)Google CloudGCP Google Cloud Certified - Professional Cloud Architect (2018)ITILITIL v3 Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management (2013)NetAppNCDA: NetApp Certified Data Administrator (7DOT-2012, cDOT-2013, cDOT-2016)NCIE-B&R: NetApp Certified Implementation Engineer – Backup & Recovery (2012)